[Music] I
'm going to record a short extract
because Marta Riesgo has
just been live and has opened a
Twitch account and apparently she's
criticizing the youtubers according to what the
place tells me eh I haven't seen it yet Yeah yeah
Now let's get to the point, let's go to
Lauta's and all the Salcedo
kids' But I want to leave this recording
first out of curiosity
and
second to see if Twitch answers me
okay Javi It's okay dude tomorrow the
rules man let's see my headphones turn off Let's
see I'm not going to lie badly cut the
roll I'm not going to lie about
other youtubers
I'm not going to talk okay because this is for gossip TV and besides I prefer not to mention other youtubers okay I'm going to see Marta's thing Don't be afraid no Don't be afraid I won't do it [ __ ] don't tell me you didn't record me guys in just five minutes my first
live on Twitch at this link you can
go in now to
see I wish she had
recorded places the stories from yesterday
because stories get lost More than
anything because
[Music]
to see  what was announced to
see how to sell it I don't
know that there are other colleagues that I don't know if
with the intention of not letting people see
Twitch or something they have been saying
things like Twitch is paid and that
people will not be able to see it there or
things like that I have not received it I have received that they have
said that but
what I tell you, I mean Twitch is not paid
Twitch is exactly the same as I
had whoever wants to give it super chat and
whoever wants to give it a member and those things,
give it to them and whoever doesn't is not worth it I am not
going to mess with anyone I am not going to mess
with any colleague from YouTube Because
the truth is that I do not
give promotion to anyone or give hype to anyone but let it be clear that whoever wants to see Marta on Twitch can see her simply it is like YouTube but Twitch is like YouTube but from another company okay YouTube is from Google and Twitch is from Amazon without more okay you go to Marta's live shows
you will see ads and if you
want she gives a message and if you want she
gives a subscription in fact Prime is
free which are the members there
Prime if you have Amazon Prime the
member is free okay I don't know why they
start saying that these are paid I don't know if
it's so they don't watch it for fear of
competition or something like that as
always Okay but I'm not going to get into that let
's see
because apparently Marta has spoken
youtubers
shame
judging if I'm bad I'm not bad it
disgusts me eye it disgusts me eye eye
that comes with it or rather comes with it now
with its new gossip channel
because nobody nobody none of those
people who come out talking have the
role of the Doctor where it says what's
happening to me nobody knows what my
trajectory has been
says Marina You are here
what Marina says
nobody knows what's wrong with me
and it's regrettable and then we put our
hands our heads with the
cases of Veronica Why do we put our
hands to our heads with a lot of
cases of people that we have seen
laughing the day before and suddenly we have
said wow what they had
on them then I ask you please to
think very carefully about the things you
say
before making a video to
make fun of the people who
is referring to Who has laughed Who
has laughed at her mental health Let's
see, I don't think she's laughed at all, at
least not that I know of her, at
least not that I know of those I
deal with, they've laughed at her mental health
or anything like that or that it's wrong
in any case, comparing herself to Veronica
because it's a little unfortunate eh it's a
little unfortunate to give that
example because
well, let's see, in reality we never
know how anyone is doing and what problems they
have but man, if the issue here is the
controversy, the gossip, the problems with
work and so on, man, I don't know the truth
To what extent it can
affect you but as far as I know the
criticism
is because there is a moment in which she
recently denies that she has never been
depressed and they release a clip of her in
which she herself states that she has
anxiety and depression, or rather, That was the
criticism but I don't know if there is anyone who has
had the wickedness to make fun of her
state of mental health
Karimán is blocked from all
sites
seriously
Garbiñe a kiss because it's already tiring it
's true and forgive me for being like this
but I don't
want to get mad but it's something
that is quite No Javi they have gone
too far but they have gone too far Without saying
the name of the Channel Estela without saying the
name of the Channel that they have gone over
Who has gone over I mean I'm not
saying I'm an idiot I mean I'm an
idiot this week without saying the
name of the Channel Who has gone over
brutal Javier Iveira what have they told you what have
they told you because I do
n't know what have they
told you
quite painful and there are people who
suffer from anxiety and depression and sometimes they
hide it well yeah but here the issue was
that she had said no and then in
another click yes such But well I don't think
that has the greatest
relevance Ah in the Twitter spaces
already but it's that here as they were telling me
that she is talking about youtubers she is
telling me places
and the Twitter spaces are diabolical we have
already talked about this many times
here we have seen some I have
almost all of them blocked except patri who
as far as I know There they don't they don't give me
green anymore but I was
blocked all because they are poisonous some
are poisonous
and they tell me quite harmful Marta don't
defend yourself Marta Shut up Marta I don't know what
Marta but why do I have to shut up I
mean because I have to listen to
some people with some views
on YouTube for example they are talking about
YouTube you are talking about YouTube
telling lies
lies about me I don't know what they start to see
terrible news about brand risk I don't know
what horrible news how are they so
smart then with time you will see if the
terrible news and all these things
that they make up are true or not like the
things about my work the things about my life
let's see if they are true or not
terrible news about Marta risk let's
see I understand that the headlines have to
be a bit like that to sell also I
tell you let's
see are you putting names there or more
What name are you putting nicknames in the
chat but really to see terrible
news we all put it I mean title and
thumbnail it has to be something that sells and
a person who is dedicated in the media to
that I mean as long as not As long as it
doesn't cross the lines you know that there are
colleagues who cross the lines and you
know that there are  others that don't there are some
that really put false headlines
but even though they are false the
headlines don't cross the line but
[ __ ] there is one that puts the same thing on you, it
puts your face next to four lines of
cocaine
but it is so mind-blowing that those
people
charge for saying
stupid things, I mean they are embarrassed and then
you answer and they say oh my god she
is crazy she has sprouted she answered
I left Twitter because I said this is
[ __ ] Hey what did charisman say So that he has it
blocked from everywhere
if Karen goes it is a bread of God that is
[ __ ] because because Well
then there are many people who are dedicated that
are bots no that are people who take several
false profiles and they act like
insulting you dad so that you go
crazy and then Oh the ones with the
false profiles have me fried of not having the
balls to say things with their face or they
don't have the balls or they drop the story
not charisma she interviewed her [ __ ] but
so that he hasn't blocked me and
Look at my channel it was his controversy
with
my friend Marina But not me  has blocked me
Or do you realize that they are from the same
company, the same site, the same
person,
then you realize that they are from the same
company, the same site, the same
person,
multiple accounts that you realize that they
are from the same company, the same site,
the same person,
don't [ __ ] with me, I catch
multiple accounts that are made Many
accounts and you realize that they are from the
same company, the same site, the
same person, let's see,
I know that she got it from where she
worked, the evita, not that one
And that company was related to
Spanish television, maybe not with the
prisa group, I think it was, I don't remember, I don't know the truth, I do
n't know the truth, you know, I have
reported a person and I hope that
justice makes him pay for everything he's
doing because Oh well, let's see here, yes, I
know who he's referring to, here he's referring to that
guy who is also the sailor, loves
the guy is a [ __ ] disgrace,
the guy is a [ __ ] disgrace, what
happens is that in all honesty, I those
things Yesterday a
youtuber friend was very overwhelmed
with a stalker forum, it
's not a forum that I've already talked about, what's
really happening is that within the  forum there
are real harassers, I mean,
within that forum crimes are committed, they
literally put a lot of things about
people's private lives, they give you their
address and they have dedicated a lot to it. I
have an inoperable forum, you can see that forum,
no, and it's how it was,
the girl was super overwhelmed, she called me
at 2 in the morning, that forum should be
closed. Not that forum, they've already kicked it out of Europe, they've kicked
it out of the servers in Europe.
What's happening is that now they've taken
the server and put it in, I don't know
if it was in Ukraine or something, I don't remember,
but they put the server in Russia, I do
n't remember, so it's crazy, they put a
server somewhere else where they
couldn't get their hands on it, no, and it was like a
leaf, they've kicked it out of the servers in
Europe, that's very strong, I
mean, it's very strong, okay. And all of you who
hide in that forum, you hide in
that forum under avatars and names
because you're [ __ ] ashamed that your
teenage children are going to get on the
internet one day and they're going to see what you
do.  terrible you are
terrible you
are terrible terrible terrible at what you
do with people who don't know you at all
or who know you but are not part
of your life
Javi Ricoy has come out to apologize we see
it we see everything today we are in no hurry
okay today we are in no hurry
not to enter that forum Well the
owner of the forum boasted that
with Google adsen she earned Well I don't know if it's
18,000 bucks it's not boring okay as a result
of what happened to Jeremy the forum exploded and she
earned a ton of money But well it's
legitimate eh I mean controversial topics and
even if they are topics that are personal to
people and harmful topics in the end the
information is what moves this like the
news And such But man another thing
is what the users do and what
the owner of the forum allows okay In fact
in the report that they did on me on the I
recommend everyone to watch
a report that they did on the sixth
when they call the when they call the
owner of the forum who apparently has
problems  with half the family and all that
stuff look look
look United States
look here there are criminal records,
criminal records anyway some gems Of
course if it is that the owner of that forum a
gem who is accused of several
crimes
says that she was convicted of
disobedience and rape convicted of
disobedience accused of several crimes
eh
mainly convicted of
municipal rape the owner of the forum
[Music] we
located her stepdaughter her stepdaughter
Good morning we wanted to talk to your
stepmother she is the creator of the forum
gossiping I prefer not it is
brutal eh it is brutal and there are people
forum members and forum members
who to this day still
continue with the avatars and they go to
Twitter and they create accounts with the
same names as in the forum and they start
harassing people threatening
trying to know how to extort you and it is like
brutal
brutal Jorge sm told me where are
the complaints from the daily forum
we know that there are quite a few people who
are looking for it because the
complete document of this Carmen is on my channel
Or on the sixth you can see it on my  channel you
can see the sixth okay on my channel it's
called I've had a really bad time and I'll
tell you all Javier was going to be on the sixth they
think he incites hatred with this forum
he's a bad person flip out eh Do you know
where he lives now
in Miami well very kind Thank you very much
brutal eh days later they send us a
phone number in Miami of the
creator of the forum of the creator eh
the television of Spain your journalist
We would like to ask you some questions
Marlene Marlene hung up on us
and that's how they are and that's how they are and those who are in
the forum the users who
continue today are like that are like that and hid behind
multiple accounts and such I reported one I
reported one What happens is that yesterday I
wasn't talking to my friend what I
was telling you because she's super overwhelmed
because these people start calling
call the companies we
work with they start contacting the
brands they did it to me they also
start contacting the companies that you
work with they start contacting for
example there's a youtuber there's an
influencer what was her name not a pinola
that  you can see everything in the game over
no, the girl well they made her green she
had her thread making her green I don't know that I do
n't know how much and the girl had to have an
operation on her cat
okay I was thinking I say damn I have the
dog Here stuck quietly
on the floor the girl had to have an operation
on her cat and then what she did was I don't
know if a crowdfunding or I asked for money I don't
know what they did it was the forera of
codiiano found out in What
veterinary clinic they were going to operate on him and they called
the clinic to see if it was true And
how much the operation cost and the whole thing
that guy brutal brutal brutal okay
And they have threads that are disgusting I mean you have
a Game Over okay if you want to
see it you have a Game Over I try to ignore
those people to this day They still
harass me and I block
every time I come across their stuff
but the only people they don't harass
are
the person they get along with well
yes it's true that there are some
colleagues from YouTube and others who
get along with them and in fact like the one they
use them to post things
and so on  brutal is brutal is brutal
soul Thank you very much but it's tremendous it's
tremendous because [ __ ] everyone can have an
opinion I give my opinion from my
YouTube channel and from my Twitter account and
from everywhere that sometimes I say
something stupid well surely I'll say
something stupid And surely one day
well I'll have to take responsibility for
some stupid thing that I say okay But in the
end I show my face and I do it with my face
and that's it and it is what it is but I don't
cross the lines that they cross I do
n't cross I don't cross those lines not
when you're hidden behind those nicknames and
those because you know that you're
doing something shameful and everything in
life in the end such eh or I mean one day their
teenage children or whoever they are will
get into the internet like crazy my
mother or My father is from cotidiandote
because everyone already knows that it's
Euphoria that is dedicated no And so
yesterday I was telling my friend going back to the
subject no girl Give the importance of what they have
Give it the importance that it has
without more they are disgusting people they are people
who dedicate their lives there behind you to
find out where you live  to put a But to
every phrase that says to every content that
you make to criticize you for your physique to
criticize your husband to criticize What does it
matter you know I told him What does it matter
What does it matter you can report it
to the police station they are not going to do anything I have already
filed I filed two reports against the
person who did all that to me then he
also filed a report against the forum member
then the previous one I don't remember when it was
no but they didn't even call me They
did nothing to me
and then there is the civil issue you can
file a civil lawsuit yes you can
file a civil lawsuit but a
civil lawsuit is worth a pattern okay If you don't win
you have to pay the costs years years and
years and years and social networks have to
collaborate with the authorities okay
For example in a case where I was
insulted on Twitter accounts
Twitter is asked the judge the judge the judge
the judge in agreement with me asks the
judge to prove Hey Twitter please
this account with whom they are related
and twitters has been
making fun of the judge for three years and has not
answered we are going to have the trial and he has not answered
and he has not answered
So
yes  It depends on you that you are going to sue and
the authorities are going to ask you for a
court order to Marlene so
that she gives you the identity of the forum members Or
with whom they are related the IP the
accounts or whatever
Marlene is not going to collaborate with the
law she has already been convicted of disobedience
package you are going to burn your head why are
you going to spend money and I told her
you have the job that you like you earn
the money that she would like to earn
and on top of that being happy doing what
you like doing what you enjoy
having a spectacular family you have a
spectacular husband spectacular children
a spectacular house let them
drown in their Bible I mean what does it
matter if these people when they turn off the
computer stay in the computer
sounds like what you often say to Beijing
but you have to see it
from that from that point of view You
also have to assume It's sad but you
have to assume that you are the famous one
and they are not
you are relevant to them and they are not
so let's see one thing is that
someone shows up at your doorstep
do something to you or for example what
happened to me with the ads and they
did nothing either  in justice it's okay it
happens it has the importance that you
want to give it happens it has the importance
that you want to give it okay without more
truth another thing that I always tell you
No look the saddest thing well or what you
can more or less
console yourself is that they
know what they do and that's why they do it
behind avatars and they don't do it with their
real accounts with their names They
know what they do they know that they are
harassers they know that it is a shame what they do
understand me So my friend
neither sues nor reports Look, for me to
sue something to report something it has to
be something that I see super
clear I don't
know you know very strange very strange very strange
very strange I prefer to fix things
in another way okay I only
reports
of reports I have a trial
Soon with someone who was more than evident
that he was going to report him that you already know
and I have thoughts of
and a complaint is being prepared with
someone that you also know that I am
not in a hurry yet at the moment because there are
other issues and this I am not going to tell
the strategy obviously But there are
other issues and then when they go with
those issues and sides they can come to the
moment because there are  time there is time you
can report you don't have to report
the following week you understand No no it's
not I'm talking about who you
think let's see surely if anyone knows
who I'm talking about but let's see it's influencer
influencer
the impunity of social networks I mean you ca
n't leave
without reporting and without complaining about things
that are happening to you on social networks
that social networks look the best thing is
when you catch a member of this a
user of this Twitter or whatever
the best thing is to go and do like
Marta did with Evita Dinamita
for me that's what you have to do they are
going to report you they are going to sue those
people I mean
imagine no imagine no a wanker
sues me it would be spectacular
if a member of the forum sued me you know it would be
spectacular if a member of the forum sued me
and I would end up in court saying
look Pin Pin look what they have posted about
my son Look at my address Look at this look look
Pin Pin
one of these wankers that to this day is
still rr to suck ass
told me that I would prostitute my daughter  I'll
tell you more details about that case
because he has friends and everything and he has
motivations the motivations he has
to do them are brutal I would
prostitute my daughter it's crazy
but the best thing is for people to know Who they are shame on them
and if I were a bastard And if I
were crazy it could be more I mean I
could [ __ ] yes look this is this Look at
this store Look at this of this look what he does
but no no no and they keep going and going and going
exhausting my patience and they keep going and going and
continuing exhausting my
patience every day
Yes yes yes I have the certified tweet
where he said
where he said that about my daughter yes yes
But what do you do you sue him he'll
beat you for seven years
and now when they convict him he won't pay you the
best thing to do like Marta did with the one who is
ashamed let her be ashamed
Look at what he does to me he's going to
sue you he's going to sue you okay let's
go to court Look this person is
dedicated to the Twitter accounts and the
forum and here here look at this this and this and this this
No I don't do it I look I do it every day  from today
for something to affect me
that has to be very You know, I'm already
today it's a shame sincerely but for
everything that I've been through for them to
hurt me for it to affect something you
know I already have a lot of blisters no the
best thing would be to give it Exactly euge give it
the importance that they have and that's it Look
They already have the shame that they know
what they do for a living that they know what they
are that's why they do things hidden
behind a nickname that they put on I don't know that I don't
know how much
why are you going to waste time and I
said that to my life why are you going to waste
time are you losing money they make you lose
followers they make you lose what are you
going to lose all the time there's nothing
police station or you're going to lose money go
man what are they putting on you that your wife is very
ugly yes yes yes yes yes
like she was sending me some of
the things that they put on her no the girl I'm
not going to say her name okay But well
the kid is super good super cute and she
has a spectacular family no and it's
like they're messing with her physique it's
like it
puts me to  mess with Lorena they
start making a montage I don't
remember I do
n't remember and I'm not
going to promote it but they
start like making montages of my
wife farting my wife walking they
make her fart
the level is what he is and you have to
give the importance of what they have And you
have to compare yourself with that
where you are and where they are you
understand me you can't give importance to
everything or rather Marta for example gives
importance to this guy that
this guy is really resourceful the guy is this one
she reports no the guy is repulsive
the guy is pathetic And on top of that
something happens to Marta like it happens to me more or less no that
the people who do that to me
hang out with people more or less famous
than the ones I don't get along with No well that
happens to Marta that
this guy she reports the
reading director gives him retweets and gives him the
ball he doesn't stop gives him like cookies so he
keeps doing it No give it the
importance it has if there isn't
more if you will see
somehow  way they have to that that they have to
put a protection I mean it can't
be that a person is insulting me
the protection right now there is no
protection right now It's not a joke
the only one that I imagine that with
the passage of time it will end up being like this for
sure because people are wild
people are wild okay
the solution is that with the passage of
time the networks will finally have to
do one thing and that is that you to
register on a social network You can
be anonymous You can be anonymous And if
you want not to put your photo and you don't put your
name on your account perfect but
anonymous for the public but not for the
social network at the moment in which you on
Twitter on Facebook on Instagram even if
you create an anonymous profile for the
public you when registering have to
give your identity and your ID at that moment they will
surely stop doing those things
because they start saying No, on
top of that they brag about you not
being a denouncer they are scum It's not that
the complaint that you were going to file against me doesn't come there
come on because they know that the
judge can ask
the Forum where it is for a court order  to Twitter or
whatever and that no and that they are not going to be
identified and it is very sad because this
is what it is telling people in
reality this is what it is telling
society is that you can create as many
multi-accounts as you want even if they are
super shameless And although the
multi-accounts themselves clearly show who you
are or who you hang out with or where
the things that it says are coming from that
nothing is going to happen to us you can put any
nonsense euge Thank you very much
not that on top of that you if you are a
public figure you cannot respond to them because
you do know if it is known who you are
but it is not known who they are or it
cannot be accredited but now I
will speak to you very extensively about that subject in
a few months I will speak very well about that subject
very well and it will be very clear to you it will be
very clear that
[Music]
but as the years go by it will end up
being like this you will see that simply with
the fact that you can continue to be
anonymous to people you can give yourself
a nickname an avatar but for the
social network for the social network
that you are identified in case the
police says Hey tell me who is this pum
Hey look at such a pum
imitating me laughing at me
dead you're stupid
you're not making love you're stupid
you're trying to laugh at me You're
trying to make me desperate and You're
trying to destabilize me
And on top of that when a person is on
sick leave no you can't trace Nica
that's impossible that's
[Music]
a fantasy that maybe more
listened to me on some occasion not so that they would
leave me alone it's not possible that's
impossible Let's see you can have clues
obviously the way of writing
between the accounts that talk to each
other
Notice that before the
live started I came out post debate vs the son
of meji vergas and what a change the Javi of
that time with the Javi of now Haha
If you had to act like that now with
those who tell you you know that from Dallas You would have already
exploded XD
no no longer I already have it that's what I'm telling you I mean
time has made my skin
thick thick no
nothing but very difficult Nica Yeah let's see
the police yes it could be clear but it
has to be  a super super
big thing to do something like that but yes I
'm telling you my case what
happened to me they did nothing it's not possible
you can have clues you can have
clues of course I mean I think that
everyone the accounts that have harassed me
everyone has realized more or
less where the shots are going and I'll
tell you I'll tell you something that I've
never told you yet that I really
want to tell you and I hope it's very clear to you it
will be very clear you will
see but the ramago got it
because she would know who it was she would
know who it was but I'm telling you that it
is very very very difficult to let's
see call you I'm telling you
My friend too when this happened to her
I told her let's see for you what they
are doing to you that they publish
the door of your they publish your address
let's see you have to see if you
have uploaded a story to your Instagram
in which the door of your house can be seen
because the moment that you have uploaded
a fact of being in the one that will have come
to your house  it's your fault and this
is how it is okay
but what is very serious for you
personally Oh why are they publishing
My address I don't want it for the
police not
for the police for the judges
so that they can mobilize to
ask a social network Hey
Facebook my lawyer told me about cases in which they
also ask
Facebook for things and yes, Facebook sounds
apparently it usually answers but it takes
a lot longer I don't know they are things that
your friend is Candela of wonderful people
no no no but it has to be for
something super important what I'm telling you or
rather if it's that look at you look at
my issue man and they didn't do anything look at
my issue and they didn't do anything
for the police and for such it has to
be that they show up with a
shotgun at your house I don't know it has to
be something stronger
and they make videos
insulting her laughing at her
making fun of her and then they
send her messages because
these people send me messages that you see
then they
send me messages acting cool acting like
my friends and  making my
friends I feel
ashamed I feel ashamed of the
falsehood that exists on social networks the
falsehood that exists in all of this I mean but
what do you expect that you mess
with me and that I don't say anything Look at this
girl who came out talking about me
I have not answered her it's because I'm going
to answer her somewhere else
because she lies how lazy she lies in
absolutely everything she said everything she
said she lies
and she's also a bad person a bad
person but she is not suable nothing that
Marina said
is not suable
I don't believe that the lawyer tells you that
go file a lawsuit
risking paying Costa
if it's not lying if it's not true then you go
out and say it's a lie and that's it
but it's that
if you're lazy now Wait there's going to be
more it's not that you can't go
play for nonsense
that no you can't sue that someone
says
a public figure who gets into
these things can't order to say yes
then she's going to break up with Antonio David
or
in survivor she's not going because she doesn't want
that when she comes back she won't find the
same things that is not suable
sue it is
[Music]
But you sued Whitney I haven't
sued him yet and I'm not going to sue him I
'm going to report him but everything takes
time because there are other things to do
first but let's see my son, he published some very
intimate intimate conversations in which he wasn't a
participant with a very clear intention
is to think that I'm not going to report
that to
think that I'm not going to report that but
that I can be sued is that he looks at you sue They
are insults What happens is that if you
send me for insults for the truth is that
they can do like the case of the song
the other side will say that the information she
had was that and let's see how you
prove that she's lying
because I called her privately
I didn't want a circus I didn't want to do
anything media-related I didn't want
if you called her privately but you
told her come on say it put on
a show I called her privately
being on sick leave privately and I said
but what do you have to say about me say it
that you left it at the top and she
's called She told it and made a
video
charging what the [ __ ] is she going to charge charging
what  damn, she's
not going to get paid, huh, I mean, stop speculating about
things that aren't true, because Marina isn't getting paid at the
moment, you
could have asked me this before
letting it go. Marina doesn't get paid, she
does it for another reason,
and even if she gets paid, what's the problem? Well,
none, but at the moment she's not getting paid, if
things go ahead and such, well, it will have to be done,
of course, something will have to be done,
but come on, it will be something that matters to us,
like in any job, but
right now, Marina, no, neither Marina nor anyone else
gets paid for talking and not charging me, they
're already scolding me because they don't want any information
on this subject,
see, it's not that you'll see. I'm not going to
sue you or anything for that, as far as I know,
but she doesn't get paid, I
can't talk about that subject, you can
imagine because
when things get
already higher marks, it's better not to
answer, and more directly,
where should I answer, it
's justice, because I really
believe in justice and all the
people who are slandering me, leaving
and saying stupid things, I'm one to
keep it here, keep it and say,
calm down, that the time will come for you,
because it has to come for you  You know
why I'm not going to stay in my
house while you say one thing about me you
say another you say the other you don't
tell me luar eh Marta risk against
Karimán
always threatening no it's not a threat
it's like a as
if you're going to sue lawsuits and you don't
start saying it so many times okay but
anyways it's that it's a
lawsuit that you're going to pay the costs or
so many times
that it doesn't bother him he says
Unblock charisma Marta is a very good
person really Talk to the beautiful Look
Maite Crespo
it's that I have dedicated myself to blocking
people that seem fake to me they
seem fake to me
this person I saw a live stream When I was
destroyed
the charisma
I was super generous with him
I behaved very well with him and suddenly in
a director who were there like four
or five ranting about me I
heard him say some things about
me that I don't I couldn't believe
what he was saying in what live stream I
mean but I mean Karimán has said some
stupid things and we have no proof and no
one has called attention and no
one has proof
Or  it doesn't make sense
eh I really couldn't believe it I said
Javi in ​​the debate with you before
Marina But what is nonsense
for them is that let's see Marta
is very bad she is very out of place let's
see
you can't take
the first thing is that you can't pretend
that no one talks about you and that no one talks
about you and your life When you have done
magazine covers and programs talking
about your life charging
because that is publicly recognized
you do charge
and she calls you so that you say it
obviously she called me and I told her
every single thing but you are telling me this
so that you say it she is telling me this so that I
say it Yes but
apart from that if you have done some exclusives and
you have done some poses that she herself
recognized that they were not stolen that they were
poses with her boyfriend not to confirm the
relationship charging you have
been sitting on the set talking
about your breakup no breakup I am fighting with my
boyfriend I am not fighting charging no but it's
that day I was paid as a collaborator
no how it doesn't matter charging in it's already
8 in Ana Rosa too
the fact that you gave an interview
to karisman doesn't make you look like a king
it's that people like Marta what they
pretend is that
you get along with them and this is
something that I don't like at all
when there's a character that acts like that I do
n't like it at all let's see you me You
get along with me and you're generous
with me fine I treat you with respect
but if I'm seeing something with my own
eyes and I'm giving my opinion the fact that you
gave me an interview doesn't
mean that you have bought me that you
have me by the balls for
life
you gave me the interview I will
thank you for life and I like it a lot
and all that but I think you've made a mistake here
you can't think that because you
get along with a person who has a
YouTube channel you can't say anything
negative about you
siwana everything she says doesn't realize
that this isn't TV but it remains the same It's that
on TV it's the same on TV it's the
same
on TV your colleagues with whom you
get along and with whom you don't  you take you have to
understand that you are a
character and I don't care if you
want to deny it you are a character
simply in the moment that on top of it is
more than once you have made covers
charging you are sitting in the program
talking about your life you have given
explanations and break if you don't break and
Rocío Carrasco yes the As and I don't know what you
are a character the one who is
not a character is me and
Marina is not a character either
And it might bother you that Marina says
today well thank goodness there are people who don't
talk it might bother you and I said today it is
speculation and from speculation
things can be misinterpreted
people can think worse things well you
call the program at that moment well you
call at that moment it says hey
please Don't leave don't insinuate something
that can be understood or come in whenever you
want on the program
Hey don't insinuate something that can
appear worse whatever it is
but if you make a fuss
with people or you go blocking people
who are treated well because in the end
charisma has treated you well well in the end they
will take it But and you are going to look for
more enemies than friends
and you might not care Hey, you might not care if you
get along badly with everyone,
for example, I don't give a damn eh getting along
more with everyone, for example,
I don't give a damn if I get along badly with everyone. I don't give a damn
exactly,
but man, it
's not her thing, it
's not her thing, no. If you tell me that
Marina is slandered, that she has
accused you of a crime, that she has insulted you
because what she told you, that what she
told you, that you are not going to
accept survivor because
that you swim, you are super good because it doesn't bother
you that when I return you won't tell her,
but if that's what several people from
the Golden one in Barcelona have come saying the
same thing, several people told me. The thing is, I did
n't want to say it,
but several of those
who came from Barcelona told me, the thing is that there are
some who keep quiet. But according to
several people, you said it there, whether it's
true or false. Well, I don't know, but
let's go there to court to
discuss that. Marta, girl, can you
imagine that guy's face arguing about
that, daughter? But if Diego Arrabal told him
also I
mean he doesn't have any way to get
it he doesn't have a clue
this guy what he says this guy who says
and then made a
pathetic video as if to say he couldn't go to the
bathroom how good to meet you
live Thank you for so much company even
in the most difficult moments of my life I
always see you asynchronous thank you
Marina I love you but something he
said I think was unnecessary but I understand I
understand that he got angry but one
thing that you think one
thing that you think Hey, I don't
like this I this Marina wouldn't have
said this would have been said totally
perfect we are all here to give our opinion
but another thing is how you take
things also not a court a block
[Music]
you know what I'm telling you I don't know the
magnitude of the things that I think that no that are
not appropriate
since I blocked him like
making fun of me and I thought it was
pathetic and it made me feel ashamed And I
thought that I don't want to talk to this
person at all we have nothing to
do with each other he
is offended by charisma because he
made charisma in this video seriously
offended by the  karimán made this
video
[Music] I ca
n't believe it I can't
believe it I ca
n't believe it I'm
so ashamed but ashamed
judging if I'm sick I'm not sick it disgusts me it
disgusts me because nobody
nobody none of those people who come out
talking have the doctor's paper
where it says what's happening to me nobody
knows what my trajectory has been nobody
knows what's wrong with me
and it's lamentable and then we put our
hands to our heads with the
cases of Verónica Why do we put our
hands to our heads with a lot of
cases of people that we have seen
laughing the day before and suddenly we have
said wow what they had on them
then I ask you please to
think very carefully about the things
you say
before making a video to
make fun of people because it's
already tiring it's true and forgive me for
being like this but I
don't want to get angry but it is something
that is quite
quite painful and
quite damaging sometimes they tell me Marta
don't defend yourself Marta Shut up Marta I don't
know what Marta but why do I have to keep
quiet  I mean because I have to
listen to people with some
views on YouTube for example
telling lies This was what was before
not lies from me I don't know what
terrible news begins from Marta risk I don't know
what horrible news how are they so
smart then with time you will see if the
terrible news and all these things
that they make up are true or not like the
things about my work the things about my life
let's see if they are true or not but it is
so mind-blowing that these people
get paid to say
stupid things I mean they are embarrassed and then
you answer and they say oh my god she is
crazy it sprouted she answered
I left Twitter because I said this is
[ __ ] that is [ __ ] Why Because
Well then there are a lot of people who are
dedicated that are bots no that are people who
take several fake profiles and start
insulting you dad so that you
go crazy and then you realize that
they are from the same company from the same place from
the same company in the same place that's
what I don't get it dude It
's that this is not from the same company it's what they did
n't ask for dude
But well that is  the same thing again no
anyway very badly she manages this Marta
very badly she manages it And on top of that and on top of that it's not that she
manages it badly on top of that
you're going to get on Twitch now
or rather you're going to start being direct
anyway we'll leave it there but everything bad everything
bad everything bad
[Music]